TINY-8686: Invalid selections would cause errors on newer versions of safari (#7801)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Text alignment could not be applied to `pre` elements #TINY-7715
- UI components, such as dialogs, would in some cases cause the `esc` keyup event to incorrectly trigger inside the editor #TINY-7005
- Selection direction was not stored/restored when getting/setting selection bookmarks #TINY-8599

> - Selection could cause an error on some versions of Safari #TINY-8686

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An exception could be thrown for the `editor.selection.isForward()` API due to an invalid selection on some versions of Safari #TINY-8686
```
Maybe? Either way we probably need to be clearer here as "Selection" isn't clear in this case.
